Andrew Fulling
CS 262
09/07/2018

Exercise 1.2


Demographics

Class level: senior
Majors: BA in computer science, strategic communication
Letter grade in CS 112: A
Letter grade in CS 212: A


Technical

A.
I have worked on java applications in CS214 and some over this last summer.
I worked on an Android application during this last summer, using java, SQLite, XML, and JSON files.
I have not worked on GPS-based systems.
I have worked a little with databases in Android, but otherwise no I have not worked on database-driven websites or services.

B.
I have not used Slack or Trello, but I did use GitHub over the summer as I developed an event app for LightSys.
I worked with a repository, version pushes and reverting to old versions. I also learned a little bit about branches and branch merges.
One other intern and I worked at the same time, so I have some experience with simultaneous coding through GitHub.

C.
I have an Android device.
Moto G5 Plus running Android 7.0
I cannot run emulators on my computer. I get blue screens of death. So, if I use android studio on my computer, I will be using my phone to test.

D.
I have experience with design patterns and recycler-views, so android apps working with lists of data would be a strong point for me.
I'd also like experience with more... open GUIs, though.
Kelsey Brouwer and I thought of a calvin student coordination app. That sounds fun and useful to me.
I enjoy playing and designing games. I especially enjoy rhythm games.
Motivation apps like Habitica are neat to me.


Personality

A.
	Openness - 42%
	Conscientiousness - 85%
	Extraversion - 27%
	Agreeableness - 44%
	Neuroticism - 83%
Myers-Briggs: ISTJ (Decently dominant into this)
Enneagram: Type 1 (pretty dominant type 1, too. Definitely look at this one)
	Basic Fear: of being corrupt/evil, defective
	Basic Desire: to be good, to have integrity, to be balanced.
	Key motivations: want to be right, strive higher and improve everything.
		Be consistent with ideals, try to be beyond criticism so as not to be condemned by anyone.
	
B. I feel comfortable working with Andrew Thomas and Kelsey Brouwer.


Anything else you'd like to know before project assignment

I can be available most mornings and mid-late afternoon, evenings can work too. My schedule can work with a lot of people, thus, including commuter student prefs.
(Kelsey Brouwer brought this detail to my attention, since she commutes to campus)

I'm natrually a worrier and do a lot with logistics and delegation. I have to watch that I don't become too controlling and narrow minded.
I naturally overwork myself. Campus tech crew can get demanding and I am taking on some grading positions.
Unfortunately, I procrastinate. I am hoping to use this class's contents to help curb that, espcecially regarding a team project.
I am comfortable with presenting and communicating (yay Strategic Communication major).
I have been told that I am a little slow to take criticism. I do take criticism, but there is a bit of an awkward pause between when I hear the criticism and really apply the criticism.
My handling of criticism is similar to my handling of new ideas.

When working on the android app for my summer internship, I was most "in my element" when introducing the other intern to my app--both teaching how to do things and walking through algorithm ideas
verbally. A teaching/leadership role fits me. We got more done working together than when I worked alone (not that I wasted time when working alone).